1.) Briefly introduce yourself and your community. *

I am Rohit Rajat, a Third-year undergraduate student of the Department of Information Technology enrolled in its Bachelor of Technology course at Chandigarh Engineering College(CGC) Mohali.

I have knowledge of programming language.My specialties include quickly learning new skills and programming languages, problem-solving, system design, the Model View Controller methods of organizing code, frontend development, and developing highly-optimized and user-friendly web applications. So far, I have JavaScript, C++, C, Python, Git/GitHub, Web Development under my belt. I have a good grasp of the concepts of design and analysis of algorithms and data structures.

In the Institute, I am a coordinator at IIC(MHRD) Innovation cell. My tenure in the IIC as a coordinator has helped me strengthen my organizational, time management, and leadership skills along with the ability to work under pressure which I feel is absolutely essential for professional life. 

I am also part of different communities in my college such as  google developer student club, intel ambassdor program and ACM CGC. where i am working in differents role and with my ability i am contributing to oraganize differents events and helping students to enhance their skills sets in their domain. 


2.) Why do you want to become a GitHub Campus Expert? *

I want to become a Github Campus Expert for many reason :-

I want to build up strong relationship in open source community.
I want to build up open source developer community in college and spread awareness towards open source development.
My aim to be a GitHub Campus Expert is to interact with the freshman year students and let them know about the tools, the technologies and most importantly The Open Source Community, how you can contribute to the open-source community.
My ambition is to approach every student and let them know how contributing in open source will be benificial for their carrer advancement.
My aim to be a Github Campus expert is to interact with others students ( juniors or seniors) and help each other by sharing there skills and providing them additional support and resource to increase there existing skill set. And help them understand how community work or Open source community work and how to be part of it.



3.) How will the Campus Experts program enable you to support your local community better? *

my ambition to use Github Campus Expert program for the betterment of local community in many ways such as:-
1. Github campus Expert program will help me to enhance my skills and leadership qualities. so that i can guide my local community.
2. Github Campus Expert program provide me a large resource so that further it can be used in the enhancement of local community skills.
3. I strongly aspire to create high impact open-source projects with collabration of my local community in our areas of interest. 
4. Access interesting but less well-known open-source contributions: There are a lot of nascent open-source contributions that have proven to be immensely useful in my research and side projects. this thing motivates me to enroll this program and share my experience to local community.
5. I am willing to share my github experience to local community. how it can play a major role in carrer growth and how we can use github efficently.

